he's sick he has
rism that's why I'm worried about him
Palestinian mother of six ftin is
desperate for news her 12-year-old son
Karim is in Israeli
custody he's 12 years old what do they
want from
him armed troops raided karim's UNC
house at D they had seen a video of him
playing with a gun that he says a friend
of his brothers found under a tree by
then what what what Netanyahu and all
all all of
Israel once from a child 12 years old he
needs his
mother he
he Midway through our filming with Kim's
family hello the phone
rings hello
Kim what's happening to
you nothing yet I'm still in the
interrogation
room they are still interrogating a
child who is 12 years
old this
is when will he be
released after the call ftin passed out
for a minute
there are similar scenes across the West
Bank despite the recent prisoner
releases Israeli prison service figures
show over 700 more people are being held
for reasons of security compared to last
month we are a normal people I ask
everyone to look at the reality of this
conflict and see these prisoners as
Freedom
Fighters Kim was let go go after 7 hours
and his family ordered to pay a fine he
says he was manhandled slapped and
beaten I was afraid all I wanted was to
get out of there I was so bored the last
two hours when they kept me in the room
on my own it felt like 4 months I was
all alone and they blindfolded me
tightly according to the Israeli Human
Rights group Hamid almost for % of
Palestinian prisoners are now held in
administrative detention meaning without
charge or trial the Israeli prison
service says all prisoners are held in
accordance with the law Israeli police
told us they couldn't comment on karim's
particular case due to a lack of
details Karim was released later that
evening but he and other Palestinians
say they feel resigned to the risk of
arrest munji BBC News Arabic
r